## Python Widgets
This directory contains a collection of Jupyter notebooks integrating TigerGraph with a python environment. There are 2 main concepts showcased in these notebooks.
1. TigerGraph with Python - how to connect to TigerGraph from a python environment and perform data enhancement, manipulation, and visualization
2. Python widgets - interactive tools that allow the user to easily interact with the TigerGraph server within the python environment without needing any code.

The files contained in this folder are:

### Widgets
**AlgoLoader_v1_1.ipynb** - Allows user to install a prewritten GSQL query algorithm (i.e. pagerank, cosine similarity, etc.) to their box. Queries are grabbed from the TigerGraph ecosys GitHub repository.

**OneClickDashboard.ipynb** - Launches a premade dashboard for the covid-19 starter kit from TigerGraph. Assuming the user has the kit installed, they can enter their server information and click the button to launch a full dashboard to visualize the data. Dashboard made using Streamlit.

**WriteQueryDemo.ipynb** - Notebook which connects to a given TigerGraph server (based on user information provided) and grabs the queries on that server. The user can then edit and reupload those queries using the textbox provided.

### Python + TigerGraph
**FlaskApi.ipynb** - Demonstrates how to deploy a Machine Learning NLP model to an API using Flask from Python. The user can select the model they want and the code will spit out a url the user can call.

**SyntheaGraphViz.ipynb** - Example data manipulation using a TigerGraph server holding synthetic patient data generated by Synthea. This notebook showcases a 3D graph visualization made using the Plotly graphing package.

**GraphVisualize.ipynb** - Shows how to create a demo dashboard using Plotly for graph visualization and Dash for the dashboard front-end.
